---
Layout:	
Title:	"Working with express"
Date:	2019-01-30 
---

# Working With Express

## Introduction 

Today I'm going to tell you about Express. How easy is it to get started with Express 
and what a wonderful web application framework it is.

## body

Express is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework that provides a robust set of features for
 web and mobile applications. 

 It is designed for building web applications and APIs.
 
I used it in some of my projects for the backend And I Just love it.



 

#heres is an example of a express app

const express = require('express')
const app = express()
const port = 3000
app.get('/', (req, res) => res.send('Hello World!'))
app.listen(port, () => console.log(`Example app listening on port ${port}!`))



You start off by importing express so that node.js . Can tell that you are tring to require express.
set the express app to a variable. by converstion it is usually set to a variable called app.
app.get() 
specifis that you want to make a get request the get function takes in two parameters first the specifc
route you want to target and the second arugement is a callback function passing in request and response.
res.send('Hello World') is just sending a hello world message to the client .
then finally you just initalize your app to listen on a given port.
 
## Conclusion 

Making a get request is not the only method you can use .They are  many different methods you can use like delete , post , put ect . And you can as create your own express middleware . I hope this blog was useful
i recommend reading the docs for more info. 

<!-- To create an API is so simple with express what you need to do is import the package express -->





## conclusion 

This is the method i used to solve the smallest Common Multiply,a challenge i got on FreeCodeCamp. this solution might not be 
the best, but its definitely my solution and it works for me.


